docs: Update Placeholder Image and Lorem Ipsum shortcode pages (#1105)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/authoring/placeholder.qmd

## Overview

> Th `{{{< placeholder >}}}` shortcode generates a placeholder image, which is incredibly useful when you're designing your website layout but the final images aren't ready yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{{{< placeholder >}}}` shortcode generates a placeholder image, which is incredibly useful when you're designing your document or website layout but the final images aren't ready yet.
```

## Usage

> The `placeholder` shortcode takes a variable number of parameters, ranging from zero to two.

Reviewer: It feels like the example shows three parameters? Oh, I see, there is a distinction made between parameters and keywords.  Perhaps easier to say:
```suggestion
Additional arguments control the size and format of the placeholder image:
```

Author: Would the following work for you?
0a44b7cf872dbb69034bf120c8569595e2e4f2ba
